---
layout: post
title: Build 2013 Day one
date: 2013-06-27 22:53:00
categories: [Windows-8,Windows-Phone]
author: Jimmy Engström
tags: []
hide: false
---
<p>What an awesome day!</p>
<p>A preview of Windows 8.1 is available for download and as if that isn&rsquo;t awesome enough a preview of Visual Studio 2013 is also available.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>At the <strong>keynote</strong> they showed the Windows Store version of outlook with social and newsletter filtering among other things.</p>
<p>Bing will be more integrated in Windows 8.1, in Sweden Bing isn&rsquo;t that good, but as a visitor in the states I quickly realized that Bing is really good.</p>
<p>Sweden is still missing a lot of data.</p>
<p>When you search in Windows 8.1 you will get results from all the places, including web results.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Xbox Music</strong> has a new make over focused on playing music instead of discoverability and they showed off a function where you can share a web page to Xbox Music and it will parse the page and create a play list.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>One of the biggest things here is 3d printing, Windows 8.1 has native support for 3D printing, its is just as simple as printing a piece of paper.</p>
<p>There are loads of 3D printers on display and they will start selling 3D printers in Microsofts stores soon.</p>
<p>I just wish Sweden will get one soon =D</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Bluetooth </strong>is now available to developers (in windows 8.1) that means we have the opportunity to talk to all kinds of devices. I have really waited for that, going to be so fun to test how it works.</p>
<p>There are a couple of sessions at Build covering device communication I will try to catch them all.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Bing </strong>is brining a whole lot of APIs for searching, maps and much more.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>The keynote ends with showing off <strong>Project Spark</strong>, a game development tool that makes it really easy to develop games.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Can&rsquo;t wait for what day two will bring =)</p>
